Periodic task for saving snapshot balances (#4223)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :feature:`1106` Snapshot balances are saved automatically without the need to restart the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`1106` Balance's snapshots will now be created automatically without the need to restart the application or force a save
```
